If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	?
And the sound quality is great.	?
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	?
Very good quality though	?
Works great!.	?
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	?
Doesn't hold charge.	?
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	?
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	?
Poor Talk Time Performance.	?
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	?
worthless product.	?
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	?
Nice headset priced right.	?
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	?
This case seems well made.	?
Disappointed with battery.	?
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	?
The buttons for on and off are bad.	?
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	?
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	?
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	?
Great choice!	?
Nice docking station for home or work.	?
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	?
This is a great little item.	?
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	?
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	?
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	?
This phone works great.	?
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	?
Will order from them again!	?
I found this product to be waaay too big.	?
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	?
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	?
Definitely a bargain.	?
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	?
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	?
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	?
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	?
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	?
Great product, fast shipping!.	?
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	?
It is very comfortable on the ear.	?
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	?
Bad Quality.	?
Basically the service was very bad.	?
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	?
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	?
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	?
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	?
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	?
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	?
Very good stuff for the price.	?
Voice recognition is tremendous!	?
What a waste of time!	?
Its reception is very very poor.	?
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	?
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	?
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	?
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	?
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	?
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	?
doesn't last long.	?
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	?
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	?
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	?
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	?
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	?
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	?
Don't buy this product.	?
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	?
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	?
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	?
Incredible!.	?
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	?
You'll love how thin it is.	?
Bad Choice.	?
The pleather case doesn't fit.	?
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	?
All in all I think it was a good investment.	?
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	?
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	?
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	?
Good transmit audio.	?
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	?
Freezes frequently4.	?
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	?
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	?
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	?
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	?
best bluetooth on the market.	?
Do not make the same mistake as me.	?
the phone was unusable and was not new.	?
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	?
Worth every penny.	?
Excellent wallet type phone case.	?
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	?
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	?
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	?
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	?
I love all the features and form factor.	?
poor quality and service.	?
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	?
Good product - incredible value.	?
Battery life is real good.	?
Worked perfectly!	?
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	?
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	?
Reversible plug works great.	?
Very good phone.	?
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	?
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	?
Piece of Junk.	?
Excellent Phone.	?
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	?
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	?
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	?
I received it quickly and it works great!!	?
Has been working great.	?
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	?
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	?
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	?
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	?
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	?
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	?
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	?
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	?
I am also very happy with the price.	?
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	?
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	?
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	?
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	?
VERY comfortable.	?
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	?
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	?
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	?
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	?
Reception is terrible and full of static.	?
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	?
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	?
Excellent starter wireless headset.	?
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	?
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	?
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	?
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	?
Protects the phone on all sides.	?
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	?
Soyo technology sucks.	?
Great Hands Free Device.	?
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	?
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	?
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	?
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	?
Better than you'd expect.	?
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	?
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	?
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	?
Very pleased with this headset.	?
I especially love the long battery life.	?
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	?
Works great.	?
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	?
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	?
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	?
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	?
Price is good too.	?
Don't make the same mistake I did.	?
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	?
IT'S REALLY EASY.	?
Low Quality.	?
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	?
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	?
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	?
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	?
Very happy with this product.	?
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	?
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	?
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	?
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	?
Nice solid keyboard.	?
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	?
Horrible phone.	?
Disappointed!.	?
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	?
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	?
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	?
Great software for Motorolas.	?
The delivery was on time.	?
Very easy to use.	?
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	?
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	?
You won't regret it!	?
Its not user friendly.	?
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	?
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	?
Plug was the wrong size.	?
Works as described.	?
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	?
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	?
great...no problems at all!.	?
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	?
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	?
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	?
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	?
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	?
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	?
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	?
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	?
Works great!.	?
REALLY UGLY.	?
Razr Battery - Good buy.	?
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	?
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	?
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	?
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	?
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	?
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	?
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	?
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	?
Thank you for such great service.	?
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	?
Great product for the price!.	?
None of it works, just don't buy it.	?
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	?
Great Product.	?
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	?
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	?
That company is a joke.	?
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	?
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	?
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	?
Battery is holding up well.	?
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	?
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	?
Linked to my phone without effort.	?
THey are so cool!	?
Piece of trash.	?
A pretty good product.	?
This is a great phone!.	?
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	?
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	?
This is infuriating.	?
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	?
Poor product.	?
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	?
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	?
Don't bother - go to the store.	?
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	?
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	?
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	?
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	?
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	?
Great phone.	?
I'm pleased.	?
Battery is terrible.	?
Talk about USELESS customer service.	?
It felt too light and "tinny.".	?
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	?
Does everything it should and more.	?
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	?
Setup went very smoothly.	?
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	?
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	?
Truly awful.	?
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	?
camera color balance is AWFUL.	?
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	?
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	?
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	?
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	?
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	?
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	?
You can't beat the price on these.	?
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	?
So just beware.	?
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	?
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	?
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	?
Not worth it.	?
It was a great phone.	?
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	?
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	?
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	?
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	?
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	?
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	?
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	?
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	?
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	?
Krussel Always good.	?
I would highly recommend this product.	?
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	?
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	?
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	?
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	?
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	?
stay away from this store, be careful.	?
Does not fit.	?
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	?
disappointing.	?
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	?
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	?
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	?
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	?
The sound quality is excellent as well.	?
Its the best headset I have used.	?
Would not reccommend.	?
Just what I wanted.	?
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	?
Great product.	?
Crisp and Clear.	?
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	?
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	?
This is a great deal.	?
It was horrible!.	?
It is simple to use and I like it.	?
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	?
Great Phone.	?
Perfect for the PS3.	?
Five star Plus, plus.	?
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	?
$50 Down the drain.	?
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	?
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	?
2 thumbs up to this seller	?
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	?
I don't like this Nokia either.	?
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	?
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	?
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	?
It's not what it says it is.	?
Used and dirty.	?
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	?
It looks very nice.	?
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	?
Just does not work.	?
Last time buying from you.	?
So far it has worked like a charm.	?
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	?
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	?
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	?
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	?
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	?
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	?
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	?
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	?
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	?
Best headset ever!!!.	?
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	?
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	?
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	?
Excellent product for the price.	?
Everything about this product is wrong.First	?
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	?
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	?
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	?
How stupid is that?	?
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	?
Good show, Samsung.	?
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	?
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	?
Couldn't figure it out	?
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	?
much better than the hard plastic cases.	?
Happy so far!.	?
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	?
but it is great, i would really recommend it	?
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	?
Never got it!!!!!	?
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	?
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	?
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	?
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	?
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	?
It is a joy to use.	?
Very much disappointed with this company.	?
Very satisifed with that.	?
It didn't charge for me.	?
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	?
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	?
It's pretty easy.	?
I cannot make calls at certain places.	?
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	?
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	?
Lousy product.	?
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	?
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	?
Not enough volume.	?
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	?
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	?
Phone falls out easily.	?
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	?
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	?
Lasted one day and then blew up.	?
disappointed.	?
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	?
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	?
Item Does Not Match Picture.	?
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	?
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	?
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	?
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	?
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	?
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	?
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	?
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	?
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	?
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	?
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	?
It deserves strong love.  	?
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	?
Today the graphics are crap.  	?
This game rocks.  	?
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	?
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	?
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	?
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	?
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	?
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	?
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	?
Totally believable.  	?
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	?
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	?
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	?
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	?
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	?
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	?
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	?
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	?
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	?
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	?
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	?
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	?
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  	?
It was horrendous.  	?
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	?
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	?
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	?
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	?
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	?
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	?
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	?
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	?
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	?
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	?
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	?
I really liked that.  	?
Brilliant!  	?
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	?
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	?
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	?
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	?
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	?
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	?
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	?
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	?
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	?
Again, no plot at all.  	?
Horrible!  	?
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	?
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  	?
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	?
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	?
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	?
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	?
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	?
I mean this in a terrible way.  	?
Everything is appalling.  	?
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	?
The lead man is charisma-free.  	?
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  	?
I'll even say it again – this is torture.  	?
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	?
Highly unrecommended.  	?
Nothing at all to recommend.  	?
"You'll love it!  	?
This movie is BAD.  	?
The film is way too long.  	?
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	?
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	?
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	?
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	?
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	?
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	?
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	?
Ray Charles is legendary.  	?
Hitchcock is a great director.  	?
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	?
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	?
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	?
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	?
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  	?
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	?
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	?
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	?
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	?
Do not waste your time.  	?
It was just too horrible.  	?
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	?
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	?
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	?
The dialogue sucked.  	?
The soundtrack sucked.  	?
The acting sucked.  	?
The concert sequences just sucked.  	?
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	?
I came out of it feeling angry.  	?
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	?
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	?
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	?
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	?
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	?
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	?
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	?
The acting was bad.  	?
Really bad.  	?
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	?
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	?
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	?
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	?
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	?
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	?
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	?
This is actually a very smart movie.  	?
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	?
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	?
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	?
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  	?
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	?
This movie is terrible.  	?
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	?
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	?
It is a really good show to watch.  	?
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	?
is pretty funny.  	?
The kids are very cool too.  	?
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	?
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	?
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	?
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	?
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	?
Definitely worth checking out.  	?
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	?
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	?
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	?
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	?
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	?
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	?
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	?
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	?
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	?
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	?
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	?
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	?
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	?
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	?
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	?
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	?
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	?
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	?
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	?
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	?
I rather enjoyed it.  	?
Her role was played well.  	?
The camera really likes her in this movie.  	?
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	?
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	?
& That movie was bad.  	?
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	?
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	?
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	?
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  	?
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	?
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	?
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	?
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	?
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	?
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	?
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	?
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	?
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	?
Wow, what a bad film.  	?
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	?
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	?
Not even good for camp value!  	?
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	?
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	?
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	?
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	?
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  	?
Even the squibs look awful.  	?
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	?
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	?
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	?
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	?
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	?
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	?
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	?
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	?
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	?
See it.  	?
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	?
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	?
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	?
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	?
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	?
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	?
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	?
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	?
The cast is good.  	?
Everything about it is just bad.  	?
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	?
It is zillion times away from reality.  	?
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	?
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	?
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	?
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	?
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	?
the cast was great.  	?
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	?
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	?
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	?
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	?
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	?
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	?
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	?
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	?
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	?
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	?
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	?
I thought it was bad.  	?
The script is a big flawed mess.  	?
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	?
The film looks cheap and bland.  	?
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	?
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	?
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	?
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	?
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  	?
Not recommended.  	?
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	?
The budget was evidently very limited.  	?
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	?
Filmiing was less expansive.  	?
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	?
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	?
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	?
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	?
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	?
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  	?
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	?
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	?
It's just painful!  	?
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	?
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	?
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	?
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	?
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	?
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	?
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	?
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	?
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	?
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	?
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	?
The least said about the acting the better.  	?
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  	?
Also great directing and photography.  	?
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	?
Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.  	?
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	?
It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.  	?
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	?
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	?
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	?
You wont regret it!  	?
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	?
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	?
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	?
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	?
DELETE this film from your mind!  	?
One of the worst shows of all time.  	?
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	?
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	?
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	?
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	?
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	?
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	?
The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.  	?
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	?
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	?
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	?
You can find better movies at youtube.  	?
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	?
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	?
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	?
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	?
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	?
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	?
That was done in the second movie.  	?
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	?
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  	?
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	?
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	?
Meredith M was better than all right.  	?
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	?
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	?
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	?
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	?
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	?
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.  	?
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	?
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	?
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	?
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	?
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	?
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	?
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  	?
This is an extraordinary film.  	?
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	?
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	?
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	?
She carries the movie well.  	?
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	?
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	?
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	?
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	?
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	?
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  	?
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	?
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	?
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	?
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	?
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	?
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	?
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	?
) Don't waste your time.  	?
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.  	?
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	?
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	?
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  	?
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	?
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	?
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	?
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	?
Everything stinks.  	?
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	?
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	?
A film not easily forgotten.  	?
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	?
What the hell kind of crap is that?!  	?
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	?
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	?
Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	?
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	?
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	?
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	?
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	?
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	?
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	?
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	?
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	?
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	?
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	?
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	?
Hated it.  	?
This is not movie-making.  	?
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	?
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	?
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	?
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	?
Really awful.  	?
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	?
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	?
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	?
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	?
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	?
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	?
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	?
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	?
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	?
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	?
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	?
Think of the film being like a dream.  	?
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	?
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	?
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	?
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	?
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	?
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	?
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	?
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	?
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	?
I keep watching it over and over.  	?
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	?
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	?
Lange had become a great actress.  	?
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	?
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	?
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	?
Wow... Loved this place.	?
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	?
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	?
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	?
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	?
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	?
did not like at all.	?
The Burrittos Blah!	?
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	?
This was like the final blow!	?
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	?
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	?
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	?
Their chow mein is so good!	?
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	?
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	?
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	?
We are so glad we found this place.	?
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	?
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	?
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	?
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	?
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	?
The service was meh.	?
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	?
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	?
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	?
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	?
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	?
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	?
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	?
Omelets are to die for!	?
Everything was fresh and delicious!	?
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	?
say bye bye to your tip lady!	?
We'll never go again.	?
Will be back again!	?
Food arrived quickly!	?
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	?
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	?
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	?
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	?
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	?
Will go back next trip out.	?
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	?
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	?
I've had better atmosphere.	?
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	?
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	?
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	?
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	?
I wouldn't return.	?
The management is rude.	?
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	?
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	?
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	?
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	?
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	?
this place is good.	?
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	?
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	?
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	?
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	?
I've never been treated so bad.	?
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	?
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	?
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	?
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	?
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	?
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	?
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	?
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	?
Very friendly staff.	?
The warm beer didn't help.	?
Great brunch spot.	?
Must have been an off night at this place.	?
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	?
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	?
Won't go back.	?
Waitress was good though!	?
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	?
The service was a bit lacking.	?
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	?
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	?
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	?
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	?
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	?
Very very fun chef.	?
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	?
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	?
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	?
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	?
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	?
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	?
Owner's are really great people.!	?
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	?
very tough and very short on flavor!	?
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	?
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	?
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	?
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	?
I think not again	?
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	?
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	?
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	?
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	?
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	?
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	?
Just don't know why they were so slow.	?
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	?
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	?
Never again will I be dining at this place!	?
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	?
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	?
Good Service-check!	?
Fantastic food!	?
The food was very good.	?
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	?
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	?
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	?
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	?
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	?
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	?
You won't be disappointed.	?
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	?
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	?
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	?
I love this place.	?
Great service and food.	?
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	?
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	?
Pretty good beer selection too.	?
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	?
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	?
He was terrible!	?
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	?
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	?
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	?
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	?
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	?
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	?
He deserves 5 stars.	?
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	?
They dropped more than the ball.	?
Best tacos in town by far!!	?
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	?
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	?
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	?
The food was terrible.	?
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	?
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	?
Def coming back to bowl next time	?
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	?
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	?
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	?
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	?
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	?
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	?
This one is simply a disappointment.	?
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	?
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	?
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	?
I'll definitely be in soon again.	?
Service was fantastic.	?
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	?
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	?
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	?
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	?
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	?
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	?
I never come again.	?
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	?
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	?
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	?
Nothing special.	?
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	?
Will not be back.	?
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	?
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	?
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	?
Love the margaritas, too!	?
Very good, though!	?
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	?
Great pork sandwich.	?
Don't waste your time here.	?
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	?
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	?
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	?
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	?
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	?
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	?
How awesome is that.	?
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	?
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	?
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	?
And then tragedy struck.	?
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	?
Cant say enough good things about this place.	?
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	?
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	?
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	?
first time there and might just be the last.	?
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	?
The bartender was also nice.	?
Everything was good and tasty!	?
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	?
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	?
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	?
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	?
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	?
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	?
I would recommend saving room for this!	?
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	?
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	?
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	?
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	?
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	?
AN HOUR... seriously?	?
Waited and waited and waited.	?
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	?
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	?
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	?
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	?
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	?
Great place fo take out or eat in.	?
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	?
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	?
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	?
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	?
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	?
Good value, great food, great service.	?
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	?
The food is good.	?
I just wanted to leave.	?
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	?
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	?
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	?
An absolute must visit!	?
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	?
Very disappointing!!!	?
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	?
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	?
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	?
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	?
This is a good joint.	?
I'm not eating here!	?
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	?
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	?
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	?
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	?
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	?
The fried rice was dry as well.	?
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	?
It was just not a fun experience.	?
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	?
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	?
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	?
Eclectic selection.	?
The staff was very attentive.	?
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	?
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	?
Awesome service and food.	?
Service was slow and not attentive.	?
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	?
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	?
Total brunch fail.	?
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	?
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	?
I was mortified.	?
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	?
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	?
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	?
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	?
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	?
The atmosphere here is fun.	?
Would not recommend to others.	?
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	?
If you are reading this please don't go there.	?
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	?
After one bite, I was hooked.	?
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	?
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	?
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	?
Never had anything to complain about here.	?
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	?
It was way over fried.	?
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	?
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	?
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	?
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	?
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	?
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	?
But the service was beyond bad.	?
Tasted like dirt.	?
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	?
The block was amazing.	?
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	?
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	?
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	?
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	?
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	?
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	?
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	?
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	?
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	?
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	?
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	?
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	?
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	?
This place was such a nice surprise!	?
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	?
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	?
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	?
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	?
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	?
I love this place.	?
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	?
Won't ever go here again.	?
The service here is fair at best.	?
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	?
Very poor service.	?
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	?
They were excellent.	?
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	?
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	?
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	?
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	?
The food came out at a good pace.	?
I won't be back.	?
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	?
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	?
I probably would not go here again.	?
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	?
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	?
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	?
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	?
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	?
Weird vibe from owners.	?
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	?
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	?
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	?
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	?
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	?
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	?
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	?
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	?
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	?
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	?
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	?
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	?
Overall, a great experience.	?
Spend your money elsewhere.	?
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	?
-My order was not correct.	?
We won't be returning.	?
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	?
Very, very sad.	?
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	?
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	?
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	?
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	?
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	?
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	?
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	?
This place lacked style!!	?
It was equally awful.	?
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	?
very slow at seating even with reservation.	?
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	?
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	?
I was VERY disappointed!!	?
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	?
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	?
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	?
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	?
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	?
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	?
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	?
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	?
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	?
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	?
The ambiance isn't much better.	?
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	?
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	?
Overpriced for what you are getting.	?
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	?
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	?
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	?
Food was below average.	?
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	?
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	?
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	?
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	?
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	?
the presentation of the food was awful.	?
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	?
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	?
Appetite instantly gone.	?
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	?
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	?
