So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
So Far So Good!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
It has kept up very well.	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It has all the features I want	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I love this thing!	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Love this product.	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
The phone loads super!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
Worked great!.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
Absolutely great.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
It has been a winner for us.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
Gets the job done.	1
Great audio!.	1
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
What a waste.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
very disappointed.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
And I just love the colors!	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Great charger.	1
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
Great Value.	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
Great phone!.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
Not impressed.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
We are sending it back.	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Great price also!	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
fast service.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
I would recommend this.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Great sound and service.	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
Works great.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
THAT one didn't work either.	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
It's a great item.	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
Love this headset!	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Comfort for our whole family.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Great phone!.	1
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Great Phone.	1
Don't buy it.	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Sending it back.	0
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Good price.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
I want my money back.	0
I love this device.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
good item, low price.	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
The reception is excellent!	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Very disappointing.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Excellent sound quality.	1
Was not happy.	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Worst customer service.	0
Good audio quality.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Nice design and quality.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
awesome device.	1
Waste of money.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
Love This Phone.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Magical Help.	1
Poor sound quality.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
It worked very well.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Great product and price.	1
what a disappointment	0
Very prompt service.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very Displeased.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
Does not fit.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Portable and it works.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
BT50 battery junk!.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
The battery works great!	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Looks great and is strong."	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
I love this phone!.	1
A Disappointment.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Defective crap.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
very good product, well made.	1
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
No real improvement.	0
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Great case and price!	1
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
Its a total package.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
Worst ever.	0
I am very happy	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
It does everything the description said it would.	1
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
Better than expected.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Easy to use.	1
Better Than New.	1
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Poor Construction.	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
These are fabulous!	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
I could not recommend these more.	0
Nice Sound.	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Works well.	1
Clear crisp sound.	1
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
lightweight and works well.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Poor quality.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
The design is very good.4.	1
I great reception all the time.	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
Good , works fine.	1
For the price this was a great deal.	1
Great price, too!	1
Does Not Work.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Battery has no life.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
I would recommend it.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Good case!.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
Really good product.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
dont buy it.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
Not good enough for the price.	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Poor Reliability.	0
(It works!)	1
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Works fine.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Good Quality.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Excellent!.	1
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Having trouble with volume.	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Bad Reception.	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Great phone.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
Works for me.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
It also had a new problem.	0
cool phone.	1
Works good.	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
I'm returning them.	0
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
nice leather.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
Buttons are too small.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
Love it.. Great armband.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Excellent product.	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
don't waste your money.	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	0
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
Painful on the ear.	0
Kind of flops around.	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
But it's just not funny.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Give this one a look.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
10/10  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
I paid too much.  	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
It was so BORING!  	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
Awful.  	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
The script is…was there a script?  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
So bad.  	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
The poor actors.  	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
That was nice.  	1
That was funny.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	1
Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
" I love it.  	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
It's just lame.  	0
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
It is shameful.  	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
I liked it.  	1
I couldn't take them seriously.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
It just blew.  	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  	0
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  	0
there is no real plot.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
This may be the only bad film he ever made.  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.  	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
The story line is just awful!  	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	1
Go watch it!  	1
Omit watching this.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
Don't miss it.  	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Excellent performance.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
It is not good.  	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
GO AND SEE IT!  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
The transfers are very good.  	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.  	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
A standout scene.  	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Why was this film made?  	0
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
10/10  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.  	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.  	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
It's very slow.  	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	0
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Great movie!  	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
She's poised and amazing.  	1
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
I enjoyed it.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Definitely worth seeing… it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
Crust is not good.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Would not go back.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
The food, amazing.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Service sucks.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
The portion was huge!	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
This place has it!	1
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
It was not good.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
Soggy and not good.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
You can't beat that.	1
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
Service stinks here!	0
I waited and waited.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
This place is amazing!	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
Food was really boring.	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
Never going back.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The only downside is the service.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
Everything was gross.	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
I won't be back.	0
They have great dinners.	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
This is a disgrace.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
Left very frustrated.	0
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
For service, I give them no stars.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
No complaints!	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I'd love to go back.	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Sauce was tasteless.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Terrible service!	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Terrible management.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I *heart* this place.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
After two I felt disgusting.	0
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Food was delicious!	1
I consider this theft.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Over rated.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
Not good for the money.	0
It was awesome.	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I will not return.	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Very bad Experience!	0
What a mistake.	0
Food was average at best.	0
Great food.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Both great!	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
dont go here.	0
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
Damn good steak.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Good food , good service .	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
will definitely be back!	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
Not my thing.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Will not be back!	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
We will not be coming back.	0
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Mediocre food.	0
I'm super pissd.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service was terrible though.	0
It was packed!!	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was terrible.	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Awful service.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
This place deserves no stars.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
This place is disgusting!	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
Disappointing experience.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
We won't be going back.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
But I don't like it.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Spend your money and time some place else.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
